[CU-384qkzy] Update docs for Pablo (#2597)
ComposableFi/composable: docs/docs/products/pablo/cross-chain-DEX.md

> Picasso uses the, DotSama XCM channels and the Centauri IBC-Substrate bridge. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Picasso uses the DotSama XCM channels and the Centauri IBC-Substrate bridge. 
```

> XCM channels allow Picasso to connect to any parachain with DotSama where Pablo can be leveraged by other projects who 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XCM channels allow Picasso to connect to any parachain in the DotSama ecosystem where Pablo can be leveraged by other projects who 
```

> would like a DEX for their tokens, bonding opportunities to increase POL and a platform to launch an LBP for launching 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wish to launch a token on a DEX through various auction methods, provide liquidity incentives, and bonding opportunities to increase POL.
```

Author: What "various auction methods", please elaborate.

> tokens in a fair method whilst finding price discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
